Additional worker node pools docs (#1617)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/user/04-40-additional-worker-node-pools.md

# Additional Worker Node Pools

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
> This feature is still being developed and will be available soon.

```

To create an SAP BTP, Kyma runtime with additional worker node pools, specify the `additionalWorkerNodePools` provisioning parameter.

> [!NOTE]

> > `name`, `machineType`, `autoScalerMin` and `autoScalerMax` values are mandatory for additional worker node pool configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **name**, **machineType**, **autoScalerMin**, and **autoScalerMax** values are mandatory for additional worker node pool configuration.
```

   --header 'X-Broker-API-Version: 2.14' \
   --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
   --header "$AUTHORIZATION_HEADER" \
   --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
   --data-raw "{
       \"service_id\": \"47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281\",
       \"plan_id\": \"4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c\",
       \"context\": {
           \"globalaccount_id\": \"$GLOBAL_ACCOUNT_ID\"
       },
       \"parameters\": {
           \"name\": \"$NAME\",
           \"region\": \"$REGION\",
           \"additionalWorkerNodePools\": {
               \"list\": [
                   {
                       \"name\": \"worker-1\",
                       \"machineType\": \"Standard_D2s_v5\",
                       \"autoScalerMin\": 3,
                       \"autoScalerMax\": 20
                   },
                   {
                       \"name\": \"worker-2\",
                       \"machineType\": \"Standard_D4s_v5\",
                       \"autoScalerMin\": 5,
                       \"autoScalerMax\": 25
                   }
               ]
           }
       }
   }"
```

> If you do not provide the `additionalWorkerNodePools` object in the provisioning request, or set `skipModification` property to `true`, no additional worker node pools will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not provide the `additionalWorkerNodePools` object in the provisioning request or set the **skipModification** property to `true`, no additional worker node pools are created.

```

> If you do not provide the `additionalWorkerNodePools` object in the update request or set `skipModification` property to `true`, saved additional worker node pools stay untouched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not provide the `additionalWorkerNodePools` object in the update request or set the **skipModification** property to `true`, the saved additional worker node pools stay untouched.
```

> However, if you provide an empty list in the update request, all additional worker node pools will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you provide an empty list in the update request, all additional worker node pools are removed.
```

> See the following JSON example without the `additionalWorkerNodePools` object:
> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following JSON example without the `additionalWorkerNodePools` object:

```json
```

{
  "service_id" : "47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281",
  "plan_id" : "4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c",
  "context" : {
    "globalaccount_id" : {GLOBAL_ACCOUNT_ID}
  },
  "parameters" : {
    "region": {REGION},
    "name" : {CLUSTER_NAME}
  }
}
```

> See the following JSON example with the `additionalWorkerNodePools` object with `skipModification` property set to `true`:
> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following JSON example with the `additionalWorkerNodePools` object with `skipModification` property set to `true`:

```json
```

{
  "service_id" : "47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281",
  "plan_id" : "4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c",
  "context" : {
    "globalaccount_id" : {GLOBAL_ACCOUNT_ID}
  },
  "parameters" : {
    "region": {REGION},
    "name" : {CLUSTER_NAME},
    "additionalWorkerNodePools" : {
      "skipModification": true
    }
  }
}
```

> See the following JSON example, where the `additionalWorkerNodePools` object contains an empty list:
> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following JSON example, where the `additionalWorkerNodePools` object contains an empty list:

```json
```

{
   "service_id" : "47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281",
   "plan_id" : "4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c",
   "context" : {
      "globalaccount_id" : {GLOBAL_ACCOUNT_ID}
   },
   "parameters" : {
      "region": {REGION},
      "name" : {CLUSTER_NAME},
      "additionalWorkerNodePools" : {
         "list": []
      }
   }
}
```

> To update additional worker node pools, provide list of objects with values for the mandatory properties. Without these values, a validation error occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update additional worker node pools, provide a list of objects with values for the mandatory properties. Without these values, a validation error occurs.
```

> The update operation overwrites the additional worker node pools with the list provided in JSON. See the following scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The update operation overwrites the additional worker node pools with the list provided in the JSON format. See the following scenario:
```

Reviewer: Or, the JSON file?

Author: I will use `JSON file` option.

> 1. An existing instance has the following additional worker node pools:
> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. An existing instance has the following additional worker node pools:

```json
```

{
  "additionalWorkerNodePools": {
    "list": [
      {
        "name": "worker-1",
        "machineType": "Standard_D2s_v5",
        "autoScalerMin": 3,
        "autoScalerMax": 20
      },
      {
        "name": "worker-2",
        "machineType": "Standard_D4s_v5",
        "autoScalerMin": 5,
        "autoScalerMax": 25
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> 2. A user sends an update request (HTTP PUT) with the following JSON in the payload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A user sends an update request (HTTP PUT) with the following JSON in the payload:

```

Reviewer: Same as line 102.

Author: I will replace it with `the JSON format`.

```json
{
  "service_id": "47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281",
  "plan_id": "4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c",
  "context": {
    "globalaccount_id" : {GLOBAL_ACCOUNT_ID}
  },
  "parameters": {
    "name" : {CLUSTER_NAME},
    "additionalWorkerNodePools": {
      "list": [
        {
          "name": "worker-3",
          "machineType": "Standard_D8s_v5",
          "autoScalerMin": 10,
          "autoScalerMax": 30
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

> 3. The additional worker node pools are updated to include the values of the `additionalWorkerNodePools` object from JSON provided in the update request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The additional worker node pools are updated to include the values of the `additionalWorkerNodePools` object from JSON provided in the update request:

```

Reviewer: Same as line 102.

Author: I will replace it with `the JSON format`.
